Just a few words. If you want to just maybe think it won't work.
Yeah, we'd like to take just a couple moments to close off the deaf room. Thank you all for being here.
This was our second year we had the energy deaf room. We started, maybe we can put this off.
Well, we started with half a day last year and we extended it virtually.
Yeah, you were attending the virtual room last year.
Yeah, and we kind of had a feeling that there's going to be more attendance if we have a full day.
And I think this demonstrated it pretty well.
Like, from the beginning in the morning until like basically now it was only like a few sessions maybe not completely full.
So thank you very much for sticking around and I hope to see you next year.
And maybe if you want to volunteer, you know, please send us an email or hit us up somewhere else.